FEAT: add sap-field-group-in-table-type-restriction rule (#5022)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools/docs/rules/sap-field-group-in-table-type-restriction.md

> # UI.FieldGroup is not supported in grid, tree, and analytical tables (sap-field-group-in-table-type-restriction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `UI.FieldGroup` Is Not Supported in Grid, Tree, and Analytical tables (`sap-field-group-in-table-type-restriction`)
```

Detects `UI.FieldGroup` references inside `UI.LineItem` when the configured table type does not support them.

> The `UI.FieldGroup` annotation is only supported in `ResponsiveTable`. Using it in `GridTable`, `AnalyticalTable`, or `TreeTable` causes the annotation to be silently ignored — grouped fields will not appear in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UI.FieldGroup` annotation is only supported in `ResponsiveTable`. Using it in `GridTable`, `AnalyticalTable`, or `TreeTable` causes the annotation to be silently ignored. Grouped fields are not displayed in the table.
```

## Rule Details

> The rule checks every `UI.DataFieldForAnnotation` record inside a `UI.LineItem`. If its `Target` property points to a `UI.FieldGroup` and the table's configured `tableSettings.type` is one of the unsupported types (`GridTable`, `AnalyticalTable`, `TreeTable`), a violation is reported on the `DataFieldForAnnotation` record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule checks every `UI.DataFieldForAnnotation` record inside a `UI.LineItem`. If its `Target` property points to a `UI.FieldGroup` and the table's configured `tableSettings.type` is one of the unsupported types, that is, `GridTable`, `AnalyticalTable`, `TreeTable`, a violation is reported on the `DataFieldForAnnotation` record.
```

> Applies to OData V2 and V4 Fiori elements applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies to SAP Fiori elements for OData V2 and OData V4 applications.
```

> #### UI.FieldGroup in unsupported table type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ##### Warning Message: `UI.FieldGroup is not supported in {{tableType}}. Change the table type to ResponsiveTable or use individual UI.DataField entries instead.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Warning

`UI.FieldGroup` is not supported in {{tableType}}. Change the table type to `ResponsiveTable` or use individual `UI.DataField` entries instead.
```

> The following patterns are considered warnings:

Reviewer 2: Is this applicable to CAP? No cds snippets examples here.

                <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#ContactData"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>
```

The following patterns are not considered warnings:

```xml
<!-- manifest.json: "tableSettings": { "type": "ResponsiveTable" } -->
<Annotations Target="MyService.MyEntity">
    <Annotation Term="UI.LineItem">
        <Collection>
            <!-- OK: FieldGroup is supported in ResponsiveTable -->
            <Record Type="UI.DataFieldForAnnotation">
                <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#ContactData"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>

<!-- OK: Individual DataField entries work in all table types -->
<Annotations Target="MyService.MyEntity">
    <Annotation Term="UI.LineItem">
        <Collection>
            <Record Type="UI.DataField">
                <PropertyValue Property="Value" Path="FirstName"/>
            </Record>
            <Record Type="UI.DataField">
                <PropertyValue Property="Value" Path="LastName"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>
```

> ## How to Fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to Fix
```

> Either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed with one of the following options:
```

> 1. Change the table type to `ResponsiveTable` in `manifest.json` under `tableSettings.type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the table type to `ResponsiveTable` in the `manifest.json` file under `tableSettings.type`.
```

> 2. Replace each `UI.DataFieldForAnnotation` referencing a `UI.FieldGroup` with individual `UI.DataField` entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace each `UI.DataFieldForAnnotation`, which a `UI.FieldGroup` with individual `UI.DataField` entries.
```

## Bug Report

> In case you detect an issue with the check please open a Github issue [here](https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter an issue with the rule, open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/issues).
```

        <Collection>
            <!-- OK: FieldGroup is supported in ResponsiveTable -->
            <Record Type="UI.DataFieldForAnnotation">
                <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#ContactData"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>

<!-- OK: Individual DataField entries work in all table types -->
<Annotations Target="MyService.MyEntity">
    <Annotation Term="UI.LineItem">
        <Collection>
            <Record Type="UI.DataField">
                <PropertyValue Property="Value" Path="FirstName"/>
            </Record>
            <Record Type="UI.DataField">
                <PropertyValue Property="Value" Path="LastName"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>
```

#### CDS Annotations

The following patterns are considered warnings if the table type is `GridTable`, `AnalyticalTable` or `TreeTable`:

```cds
annotate service.Incidents with @(UI.LineItem: [
    {
        $Type : 'UI.DataFieldForAnnotation',
        // Violation: FieldGroup not supported in GridTable
        Target: '@UI.FieldGroup#ContactData',
    }
]);
```

> The following annotationpatterns are not considered warnings:

Reviewer 2: Fixed

```cds
// OK: DataFieldForAnnotation targeting a non-FieldGroup annotation
annotate service.Incidents with @(UI.LineItem: [
    {
        $Type : 'UI.DataFieldForAnnotation',
        Target: '@UI.Chart#SomeChart',
    }
]);
```

### How to Fix

Proceed with one of the following options:
- Change the table type to `ResponsiveTable` in the `manifest.json` file under `tableSettings.type`.

> - Replace each `UI.DataFieldForAnnotation` with a `UI.FieldGroup` or individual `UI.DataField` entries.

Reviewer 2: Fixed
